docs: mention locking as an alternative to CA rotation for revoking a… (#27160)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/server-access/guides/openssh.mdx

## Revoke an SSH certificate

Teleport's approach to using short-lived certificates for all infrastructure
access means that it can generate large numbers of certificates every day. For
this reason, Teleport does not support traditional certificate revocation.

There are two options available for revocating access: CA rotations, and Teleport locks.

### CA Rotations

To generate a new certificate authority and invalidate user certificates issued

> by the current CA, run `tctl auth rotate --type-user`. This can be a disruptive

Reviewer: I recommend putting the "This can be a disruptive change..." sentence after "This process will require..." since the latter sentence clarifies what "lack automation" means.

> change, especially in environments thatl ack automation, so proceed with caution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
change, especially in environments that lack automation, so proceed with caution.
```

This process will require that the newly generated CA certificate is uploaded to
your entire fleet of OpenSSH servers.

### Locks

Teleport locks allow you to permanently or temporarily revoke access to a number
of different "targets". Supported lock targets include: specific users, roles,
servers, desktops, or MFA devices. When a lock is created any existing sessions
where the lock applies will be terminated, and new sessions will be rejected while
the lock remains in force.

For more information, read our

> [Session and Identity Locking Guide](../../access-controls/guides/locking.mdx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Session and Identity Locking Guide](../../access-controls/guides/locking.mdx).
```
